rel: v0.37.1 (#722)
honeycombio/terraform-provider-honeycombio: CHANGELOG.md

# 0.37.1 (July 23, 2025)

ENHANCEMENTS:

> * feat(r/trigger): Accommodate the "dataset_slug" field in triggers (#720)

Reviewer: This one is only for the client -- not the trigger resource. I called it a bug as it was an oversight (and then fits into the patch more cleanly) but I am happy to call it a feature and still ship it in this patch :)

```suggestion
* fix(client): Accommodate the "dataset_slug" field in triggers (#720)
```
